between a new clinic in the script here
goes another year to write a script that
focus on the answer German radio grew
to put a failed gps
the procedure to include the address
no script
paper fell and I do not know where I went
entered the new clinic in the womb here in the
south garden shopping
I do you do it first went
so why I have to find the
paper that the paper fell on my hand
under the car here of the hour in the nucleus
no longer knows the future no celso nisa
now let the catatau the paper fell
under the car and I need it
the procedure includes needing I go
do
Lastly, then I 'm going to go here and take
the camera take a menu look for the
street address são paulo and from there
of 58 19 house number can not find one
mall
Lastly, I'll put it, keep it happy.
script has to login here
Now we go there in the founding of the zone.
south